docs(ui-react-storage): add actions doc (#6415)
aws-amplify/amplify-ui: docs/src/pages/[platform]/connected-components/storage/storage-browser/react.mdx

</Example>

### Customize actions

The Storage Browser uses actions to handle data transfer with backend services, e.g. S3. You can set the `actions` config to modify or replace default actions, or adding custom actions. The `actions` config accepts 2 categories of actions: `default` and `custom`. 

#### Extend default actions

> The `default` actions are invoked by associated default UI views to handle data transfer with S3. They are `listLocationItems`, `copy`, `createFolder`, `delete`, `download`, `upload`.
> 
> You can use `defaultActionConfigs` to access the default implementation of these actions. Below is an example to instrument the default upload action to count the files being uploaded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following `default` actions are invoked by the default UI views:
- `listLocationItems`: list `bucket` data
- `copy`: copy data to another location within a `bucket`
- `createFolder`: create a folder within a `bucket`
- `delete`: delete target data within a `bucket`
- `download`: download target data through the browser
- `upload`: upload target data within a `bucket`

`defaultActionConfigs` allows access to the default implementation of these actions. Below is an example to instrument the default upload action to count the files being uploaded.
```

<Example>
<ExampleCode>
```ts
import { createStorageBrowser, defaultActionConfigs } from '@aws-amplify/ui-react-storage/browser';

const { StorageBrowser } = createStorageBrowser({
  actions: {
    default: {
      upload: {
        ...defaultActionConfigs.upload,
        handler: ({ config, data, options }) =>
          defaultActionConfigs.upload.handler({
            config,
            data,
            options: {
              ...options,
              onSuccess: (...input) => {
                options?.onSuccess?.(...input);
                fileUploadCounter.add(1); // Your custom counter metrics.

>               },

Reviewer: Do we need to spread the `input` here?

Author: Yeah, the `input` of `onSuccess` callback is positional.

              onError: (data, message, error) => {
                options?.onError?.(data, message, error);
                fileUploadError.recordError(error); // Your custom error metrics.
              },
            },
          }),
      }
    }
  }
});
```
</ExampleCode>
</Example>

#### New custom actions

> You can set the `custom` actions to add entirely new actions to the StorageBrowser component to be used in the custom UI view. 
> 
> The `createStorageBrowser` function returns a `useAction` hook that allows you to call the custom or default action in your custom UI view. There are 2 ways to use `useActions`:
> * If your action needs to be executed concurrently on a list of selected files, like example below. You invoke the hook by supplying the inputs array in `items`, like:
>  `const [ { tasks }, handleAction ] = useAction('[my action name]', { items: ['input1', 'input2'] });`. Then call `handleAction()` to invoke concurrent execution of action and access the execution status of eac task via `tasks`.
> * If your action is only suppose to run with a given input. You invoke the hook with the action name only, like `const [{ task }, handleAction] = useAction('[my action name]');`. Then call `handleAction(input)` to invoke the action.

Reviewer: Let's break this up a bit, also prefer to avoid first person references in documentation
````suggestion
`custom` actions can be provided to add entirely new functionality to `StorageBrowser` which can be used by custom UI views. 

The `createStorageBrowser` function returns a `useAction` hook that allows invocation of custom and default actions in a custom UI view. There are 2 ways to use `useActions`:

**If an action should be executed concurrently on a list of data invoke the hook by supplying an array of `items`:**

```ts
// The execution status of each task is available in `tasks`
const [{ tasks }, handleAction] = useAction('my-action-name', { items: ['input1', 'input2'] });

// call `handleAction` to invoke concurrent execution against the provided `items`
<button onClick={() => handleAction()}>Start Custom Action!<button>
```

**To run an action against a single target invoke the hook with the action name only and provide `handleAction` with the target data:**
```ts
// The execution status is available in `task`
const [{ task }, handleAction] = useAction('my-action-name');

// call `handleAction` to invoke concurrent execution against `targetData``
<button onClick={() => handleAction(targetData)}>Start Custom Action!<button>
```
````

<Example>
<ExampleCode>
```ts
import { createStorageBrowser, defaultActionConfigs } from '@aws-amplify/ui-react-storage/browser';

const { StorageBrowser } = createStorageBrowser({
  actions: {
    default: {
      upload: {
        ...defaultActionConfigs.upload,
        handler: ({ config, data, options }) =>
          defaultActionConfigs.upload.handler({
            config,
            data,
            options: {
              ...options,
              onSuccess: (...input) => {
                options?.onSuccess?.(...input);
                fileUploadCounter.add(1); // Your custom counter metrics.
              },
              onError: (data, message, error) => {
                options?.onError?.(data, message, error);
                fileUploadError.recordError(error); // Your custom error metrics.
              },
            },
          }),
      }
    }
  }
});
```
</ExampleCode>
</Example>

#### New custom actions

`custom` actions can be provided to add entirely new functionality to `StorageBrowser` which can be used by custom UI views. 

> The `createStorageBrowser` function returns a `useAction` hook that allows invocation of the custom or default actions in a custom UI view. There are 2 ways to use `useActions`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `createStorageBrowser` function returns a `useAction` hook that allows invocation of the custom or default actions in a custom UI view. There are 2 ways to use `useAction`:
```

    // call `handleAction()` to invoke concurrent execution against the provided `items`
    <button onClick={() => handleAction()}>Start Concurrent Tasks!<button>
    ```

* To run an action against a single target invoke the hook with the action name only

    ```tsx
    // The execution status of the action is available in `task`
    const [{ task }, handleAction] = useAction('[my action name]');

    // call `handleAction` to invoke the execution against the given input data
    <button onClick={() => handleAction(targetData)}>Start Single Task<button>
    ```

Below is an example of a custom action that launches a custom action to generate a temporary presigned URL to selected objects.

<Example>
<GenerateUrlViewComposed />
<Tabs.Container defaultValue="generateUrlHandler">
<Tabs.List>
  <Tabs.Item value="StorageBrowser">StorageBrowser</Tabs.Item>
  <Tabs.Item value="generateUrlHandler">generateUrl</Tabs.Item>
</Tabs.List>
<Tabs.Panel value="StorageBrowser">
<ExampleCode>
```jsx file=./examples/GenerateUrlViewComposed.tsx
```
</ExampleCode>
</Tabs.Panel>
<Tabs.Panel value="generateUrlHandler">
  <ExampleCode>
```ts

> import { S3, GetObjectCommand } from '@aws-sdk/client-s3';

Reviewer 2: Nice - you made a sharable url as a doc sample 👍
